family Good afternoon how are you I'm
making this video suddenly or rather so
suddenly that I haven't even read
the full news yet but I wanted to
share it here with you as
quickly as possible this was death The
Chronicle of a Death Foretold as they
say has not just published the world
6 minutes ago this news
mediaset puts an end to trash television
strikes down sálvame on June 16 and hands over
the afternoon of Telecinco to Ana Rosa
Quintana this does not mean that
Ana Rosa Quintana's program is what is
going to be broadcast in the afternoon what I
understand here is that either the format they
tried with Unicorn has
ended up working for them we have to remember
that Paz Padilla currently has a
contract until 2025 I don't remember if it
was 2024 the end of 2024 2025 and that she doesn't
have a program okay right now dad
no longer has a program But well if it's not
the one they tried it's another program with the
producer Ana Rosa that has
worked for them Okay but it's not the Ana
Rosa program obviously this means that
now Unicorn is going to  be the production company that
carries out Los buques insignia is going to be the
production company that moves the show on
Telecinco on Mediaset which is no longer
called Mediaset you already know the network is
completing its remodeling after the departure
of Paolo Basile and the program of
Jorge Javier Vázquez is canceled in an attempt to
renew its image the producer Ana Rosa
gains power to the detriment of the
television factory The television factory is
going to have very little because seeing
that they cancel Sálvame
seeing that they cancel Sálvame I
would dare to sign or bet that
Socialite is going to leave, I mean the
format of Socialite is like a mini
Sálvame on top of that it is presented by María
Patiño and what
the directors of Telecinco are doing with these people is
changing the network completely, in other words, they
are giving it a different,
more serious air. I really don't
agree with this, I
don't want to play, no, I know that they are super
businessmen, super professionals, those who
have now taken over Mediaset, which
has a lot of experience building
companies and all these things, no, but it is
that really what these people did
was what sold what is going to
happen most likely that the
television factory will sell the format to another party
okay to another channel and they will do it on another
channel without vetoes that is what is going to
happen okay they are going to do it on another
channel without vetoes
the end of Sálvame is not close
predicted Belén Esteban just a
week ago well she was wrong Esteban
no In fact not only was
Belén Esteban wrong but
many of us were already commenting on it I mean the subject of the
end of Sálvame has been talked about
for a while
I want to remember when it was
that I released a video that said the end of
Sálvame that many people told me It's a
lie well lie it's not a lie
when I say something and I take the
plunge it's always true another thing is that
the plans change Let them upload
anything or let them entertain themselves okay but
when I say something it's
true I remember a video I'm not going to
look for it now but I'm sure you'll
remember it in which I said that they
were planning to close  sálvame to
such a level that the workers were
sending out resumes that came to me
directly from the corridors of sálvame
that the workers knew there and it was
said
that they were left without work in the end what
happened is that while nothing
was Well I think that here what
will have happened above all not only
while they find an adaptation
here what has happened is that they would have had to have been
testing formats and they
will have started recording pilots until
one has suited them I don't know if
papadilla's will have suited them I tell you
Paz Padilla
papadilla has a contract at mediaset I don't
know if it is until the end of 2024 or the
beginning of 2025 and right now she doesn't have a
program Pazdilla papadilla recorded
a pilot episode with Unicorn where
the daughter was also but I think that one didn't
fit I think that it didn't end up being
liked and it will have been another maybe maybe you
are from Paz Padilla eh I don't know it is not
known yet but it already has an
end date okay It already has an end date at the
time I said it because it took me
directly from  there okay It wasn't a lie
simply in the end it seems that such and
such was accommodated but the thing is that Sálvame does
n't make sense it doesn't fit with the
model that they want to create I mean you put
vetoes on me no we don't mention the issues of
Rosito by Antonio David and we don't mention
this the other but if you have it there Sálvame
if they fight among themselves if they kill each
other
in the end no matter how much you put the
name what you're doing is losing
audience when the vulgarity is the
same okay
and here comes another bombshell that
Mediaset is going to announce imminently
this newspaper has been able to confirm that
from September Ana Rosa Quintana will be the
undisputed leader of the
mornings with an average audience of more
than 18% who will occupy the afternoon show of the
channel
in the hands of Joaquín Prats the
program will be okay
in the hands of Joaquín Pratt Well I do
n't know if I'm happy the truth is that I don't really care it's
not something that
influences us I don't know if it can
benefit or harm us because we
deal with many issues that are of This is
okay I already say the factory  from the teleno they are going to
take and they are going to go on unemployment and they are not going
to work anymore what they will do is
sell the format or a similar format
with another name with the same
collaborators presenters and so on to
another network that wants to buy them that they
want to buy them is another thing that they
want to buy it is another thing but
I imagine that they will do it in another
network that buys the format because in the
end the format is from the producer it
is not from Mediaset they will give it another name and they will
do it again without vetoes and now they will
mention Rosito again because Of course
if they already do it in another network there are no
vetoes
strong strong the subject strong
the subject
comes to
mind many of the plays that they have
had in the last two years not for
example the flattery the flattery and how much
María Patiño has been involved that they
have here on the front page and how much she
has risked her professionalism for this
producer okay María Patiño at
first questioned Rocío Carrasco's story
In fact there is a tweet
In fact there is a tweet of mine that I posted a
little while ago and
[Music]
is brutal in the sense that María
Patiño sold out completely, not
only her opinion but she sold her
professionalism for her dignity, her
credibility.
This is the video. This is the video, okay,
look at what María Patiño
Carrasco says, well, she was a young girl,
Rocio Carrasco, this is after
selling out, okay, Rocio Carrasco was a
young girl and she lived her life, and Antonio,
and this is how she rose. Carrasco was a
young girl, whether she rose like all
girls, she had been in a relationship for years
like they are soles, and Antonio David had been in a
relationship with Sonsoles for years, okay, she
already said this when they gave her the
gossip at the TV factory, or you take
this position, or surfing, okay, look at what she
said weeks before when
the documentary was already airing. In other words, it's
not about putting on a documentary, no, no, weeks
before when the documentary was already airing,
look at what she said. Now she says
that Rocio Carrasco, well, she rebuilt her
life
because she had lived something else.
Because she also let herself be photographed on
the beach kissing Manolos from
Chiringuito at three in the  they
fixed the difference eh
look at the difference
crisis
with women I
mean trust how she is lying Right now
how she is lying right now
okay she has sold the information that she
has she has sold her professionalism if
she had it to
stay in the television factory
to maintain the same standard of living
collaborator on telecinco in sálvame
presenter of sálvame many times and
from Lux presenter of socialite and
now that María Patiño has sold your
dignity your credibility no
media is going to hire you having this they are
not going to hire you I mean I don't
want a person who invents that
Rocío Jurado has spoken badly about
Antonio David in the fact of his death
when it is a lie and there are videos that
prove it okay And now what now that María
Patiño Pampa today and hunger for tomorrow no
what is said family we will talk later okay
a huge kiss stay tuned to the
Channel I bring a bomb then I will be
tuned stay tuned subscribe
subscribe